add CoC and related procedures (#16)
UNIVERSE-HPC/UNIVERSE-HPC.github.io: _pages/events/respond-to-incident.md

---
layout: single
classes: wide
title: UNIVERSE-HPC Events - Staff Procedure for Handling Reported Harassment
permalink: /events/code-of-conduct/respond-to-incident
author_profile: false

---

> Familiarise yourself with the [Code of Conduct policy](http://www.universe-hpc.ac.uk/events/code-of-conduct).

Reviewer: Another link update:

```suggestion
Familiarise yourself with the [Code of Conduct policy]({{ site.baseurl}}/events/code-of-conduct).
```

> Also have a good understanding of what is expected from an attendee that wants to report a harassment incident ([read the reporting guidelines](http://www.universe-hpc.ac.uk/events/code-of-conduct/report-incident)).

Reviewer: And another 🙂 

```suggestion
Also have a good understanding of what is expected from an attendee that wants to report a harassment incident ([read the reporting guidelines]({{ site.baseurl}}/events/code-of-conduct/report-incident)).
```
